tell  that a bitch has got in she
i
yes  we're getting there i have really been putting in a word of it eating right
violence  ringfield really go to boiselle
what
a  chicken
in  a kenaima i'm not began more but i am not a bit
that  is a just part of one
the  high points of
time
to
feel
why  is a
why  is the
why  are we
and  we are and you know some time
hard
sometimes  i've almost
that  was still ignorant and then i did know all this information and
whatever  i why not think about it and i feel guillitoue it all the time because
his  hard my family's i benevent friends not meany boyfriend
and  i've talked to him about it a little bit but like i said it's a
i'm  not
she
if  i don't think the red
but
all
how  hard it is to
i  would never ever ever go
can  you go tell that a bitch has got in shape
i
yes  we're getting there i've really been putting in the work of biting right
violence  or in a field really good boisemont
even  going to digress into the health argument here
already  knows this woman made the
could  we begin any more for the sake of her health and that you come to find out that what it is she
worst  kind of junk food imaginable including the hamburgers
look  chocolate products
soup  at a chinese restaurant
on
being  began
money  out
something  most of us
a  lot of money
put  a lot of effort
and  we get absolutely nothing
or  we get something negative and
we  get alienated
those  people hate us and
can't  put up with us because there the only beginner family
problems  in conflicts at work soon and so
come  colin also known as call
the  tiny minority of people
really  did make money
included  forming
for  the ethical treatment of animals peter being promoted by
mishearing  that image i'm not showing you the
and  you know i don't really think that censorship
things  they already want and desire i mean
a  bizarre about coal in her current phase of acre
is  not really what she selling but whose buying
a  year old woman were rounding off her as to my knowledge he is now thirty
iron  from a month of
o  happy thirtieth birthday call
the  old woman posts
in  granting all that rang with it
but  who is this person responding what brown trout
i  mean
people  are paying
contradictory  set of promise
can  live in luxury
without  working hard for
you  can be morally self righteous
without  doing anything
herself  to the ethical to write this you can be complete in
as  the rewards of being a moral crusader good god
can  be lazy
and  eat ice
hamburgers  and other junk food while at the same time present
yourself  as an icon of good health and fine
someone  for younger women to aspire to be like
supposedly  fit body
you  know the harm this does to
who  were weak enough
we  go to buy it we enough to become victims of this message
and  sure i mean the part of everyone i looks at this and just says yah well if you're weak enough to fall for this
craft  you deserve it
you  know this part of you also that as the question
social  media
some  extent about the integrity of the broadcast
in  a way that for example a paid advertisement
never  so
peter  featuring this woman as a moral exemplar and her putting
herself  forward on you tube on the internet generally as a moral example or in a sherbet
she  put us afford as a leader in the began movements
be  a leader in the vegan women with
but
there's  a sense in which right the product is you
you're  not supposed to be an actor playing a role you not supposed to be a model he's
merely  posing for the
these  are supposed to
your  ideals your bee
and  that's what we in the audience are supposedly responding to that's what we're sure
by
what's  the price what's the consequence of earning a living on social media
when  all your virtue
when  the lifestyle your packaging turns
that's  your living a lot
he  had that